SEAMLESS BLEND OF PERFORMANCE FOR AGGRESSIVE DOWNHILL RIDING AND INBOUNDS SKI-TOURING
The 2019 Solomon MTN Explore Ski Touring Boots is improved with a new 24mm oversized pivot for increased drive and security. The 2019 MTN Explore offers excellent weight-saving for the up, whilst the 100 flex ensures your skis remain powerful and obedient as you make the most of your descents. Weighing in at just over 1400g per boot, the MTN Explore is best suited to advanced intermediates and above with a narrower foot, you get excellent range of motion for the up, and high-charged performance for ripping the down. 

Alpine-like downhill performance

Built using Salomon’s Motion Flex technology that combines a rigid Grilamid clog, forgiving Polyolefine cuff and powerful carbon spine, the MTN Explore gives a comfortable and precision fit. The Grilamid promotes power transfer and response through the chassis, whilst the carbon spine reduces overall weight and maximises energy transmission to the ski.

Awesome range of movement in walk mode

When in walk mode the MTN Explore has a massive 63-degrees of movement, making touring and hiking effortless. When you’re ready for the down, the Surelock mechanism ensures that the cuff is securely locked into position.

Tour-friendly liner

The MTN Explore features Salomon’s Full Thermo CF 3D, a performance fit that enhances ski and boot feel. Designed to be 100% thermoformable, they can be heat moulded for a bespoke fit should the pre-shaped foam need adjustment.

The Salomon MTN Explore offers the perfect balance of downhill performance and uphill ability.

THE BEST BITS…
Lightweight Sensifit shell technology
Pair weight 2924 grams
Awesome 63° Motion Flex for skinning with Touring Carbon spine
High-performance Grilamid shell construction
Quick-fitting Ultralight full thermo My Custom Fit 3D liner
Reliable Surelock Mechanism
2 light forefoot inverted + lock buckles
Responsive 7/10 downhill stiffness
Compatible with AT pin bindings only
24mm Oversized Pivot
528eur