59° OF FRICTION-FREE MOVEMENT IN WALK MODE, AND A UNIQUE ENCLOSURE SYSTEM THAT DELIVERS ON THE DOWNS
The Maestrale from Scarpa is ideal for classic ski tourers who want a blend of versatility, comfort and performance. It’s packed with lightweight features that are sure to see it become as popular as the best-selling Maestrale predecessor.

A balance of stiffness and ease of movement

The boot uses a lightweight Grilamid shell and cuff that offer a balance of stiffness and rebound, combined with a Pebax Evo tongue to boost comfort and ease of movement in walk mode. The cuff is vented to help your feet breathe, and when you release it using the spring-mounted Speed Lock Plus ski/walk mechanism, it moves through a massive 59° range of motion with friction-free ease.

Unique, advanced closure system

Scarpa have literally thought of everything when it comes to boot closure. The powerstrap has a finger tab that’s super easy to operate with your gloves on. The magnesium Thor buckle is easy to operate too, and it combines with the Thor Rack to give plenty of adjustability, while the Tour-Lock lever stops things flapping around while you’re hiking.

Excellent heel retention

The HRS strap offers amazing heel retention on the downs, and keeps its place well while you’re hiking and walking. And their exclusive Wave Closure System uses a steel cable to distribute the closing pressure of the shell across a wider area, giving you improved comfort and control when skiing.

Touring-specific features

With an Intuition Cross Fit Pro Flex G liner, super-grippy Vibram Cayman Pro sole, Quick Step-In inserts, a safety strap anchor and more, the Scarpa Maestrale  is a formidable touring boot that’s packed with premium backcountry features, weighing in at a very respectable 1400g. Best when combined with 80 to 90 mm waist widths.
THE BEST BITS…
Grilamid Shell and Cuff with Air Ventilation
Weight-minimising Web Frame Design
Walk-friendly Evo Tongue
Smooth-moving Speed Lock Plus ski/walk mechanism
Asymmetric Spoiler XT
Power Strap Lite with Finger Strap
Thor Buckles and Thor Rack with Tour-Lock
HRS heel retention strap
Quick Step-In tech inserts
Scarpa® Cayman Pro Sole
Intuition Cross Fit Pro Flex RS liner
Compatible with all binding types
450eur