WHEN WE SAY THESE WOMEN’S SKI BOOTS ARE ALL-MOUNTAIN, WE MEAN ALL MOUNTAIN
The 2019 Rossignol Alltrack Elite 100 LT Women's Ski Boots are as at home on the fresh corduroy as they are on the skin track. With an expert-level 100 flex for ripping turns, and a new mode switch that opens a 50° range of motion, it’s the ultimate boot for the all-round skier. You can enjoy the best of the fresh in the morning, then meet up with the kids in the afternoon for some fun inside the ropes, all in complete comfort.

Women’s specific fit

The Alltrack Elite 100 LT feature a narrower-fitting 98mm last but have a bit of extra volume in the instep and ankle pocket to ensure they don’t squeeze like an old race boot. Rossi’s flexible Instep Insert makes getting your boots on and off a breeze, and the women’s specific cuff will closely follow the shape of your calf for a true fit from toe to shin.

Light and compact for easy skinning

Open up the Hike Mode 2.0 switch and you get a cruisy 50° range of motion for comfortable skinning. Rossignol keep the boot light with a Grilamid shell, as well as using all-new Generative Grid Design Technology that allows them to use far less material without sacrificing any boot strength.

Super responsive

Dual Core Technology makes for a smooth, progressive flex in the lower boot as you make your turns, without impeding comfort. The Optisensor Ti-Polyethelene liner is fully customisable for a precise fit and offers excellent heel hold so you can effectively drive power through your boot to the ski.

Comfortable ascending, hard ripping in the pow and cruisy on the groomers – a true one stop shop for the all-mountain skier.

THE BEST BITS…
98mm last for a narrow fit with extra volume in the instep and ankle pocket
Easy on Instep Insert
Dedicated Women’s Cuff for true fit
Advanced-expert level 100 flex
Heel holding Full Custom Optisensor Ti-Polyethelene Liner
Thinsulate Platinum Liner Insulation
Grilamid shell with polyolefine cuff
Generative Grid Design reduces boot weight without giving up strength
Progressive flex Dual Core Technology
Hike Mode 2.0 with 50° range of motion
4 micro-adjustable aluminium buckles
ISO 5355 alpine pads
Dynafit certified tech inserts