ALL-DAY COMFORT, GREAT LOOKS AND A HUGE RANGE OF VISION - EVERYTHING YOU'VE COME TO EXPECT FROM OAKLEY
The Oakley Canopy ski and snowboard goggle offers a comfortable fit along with a large field of peripheral vision thanks to the XL lens and low-profile frame design. A triple layer of micro fleece & foam helps to transport unwanted moisture away from your skin, for all-day comfort no matter how hard you’re working, or how hot it is. And thanks to their dual-vented design, with Oakley's F3 anti-fog coating, you can count on the Canopy to keep you seeing clearly in a wide range of conditions.

Freedom from pressure points

Like the Splice, the Canopy uses Oakley’s patented O-Flow Frame Arch design, which avoids pressure over the nose, improves breathing and delivers unrestricted airflow. The inside of the adjustable strap uses silicone strips to stop the goggle slip, especially when you're using them with a helmet. 

Big enough to wear over your glasses

Many customers who ski or snowboard in prescription glasses have a preference for the Canopy as they’re large enough to accommodate a small/medium set of glasses. Whilst the Canopy isn’t marketed as an “over-the-glasses” or “OTG” frame, they do include small, cut-out notches in the frame to accommodate the legs of your glasses.

The best quality, interchangeable lenses

All Oakley frames feature interchangeable lenses, meaning you can swap tints with ease as the weather changes. Available in a range of colours, each tint is designed for a set of light conditions in mind, but whichever one you choose, they all feature Oakley’s patented, optically-correct, HDO technologies. Their Plutonite lens material is polycarbonate-based and filter 100% of UVA, UVB and UVC wavelength radiation. Even Oakley’s clear lenses filter 100% of all UV.

THE BEST BITS...
Optically-correct, dual-vented Lens 
F3 Anti-fog coating
Comfortable and flexible O Matter frame
O Flow arch at nose allows for easy breathing and unrestricted airflow
Discreet frame notches at temple glasses compatibility
Injection moulded Polycarbonate lens with optically correct geometry
141 eur